
1-The most important views in the ABAP Development Tools perspective include:🎈 Project Explorer View 🎈Source Code Editor View
2-The SAP Business Technology Platform (BTP) is an example of which of following?🎈🎈Platform as a service (PAAS)
3-In the ABAP source code, how do you navigate to the definition of a development object?🎈Position the cursor on the name of the object and press F3
4-An ABAP Cloud Project in ABAP Development Tools (ADT) allows you to connect to what kinds of system? 🎈SAP BTP ABAP Instance and ABAP Instance in SAP S/4 HANA Cloud
5-What must you do when you create an ABAP package? 🎈Assign the package to a software component and  Use the letter Z or Y as the first character in the name
6-Which of the following characters are not allowed in an ABAP class?🎈$
7-For the full signature of a method call when using keyword completion, you must select the method name and press which of the following?🎈🎈Shift + enter
8-Which of the following items is supplied in the logon language of the user instead of the hard-coded text in the ABAP program when a statement using the item is executed?🎈🎈Text symbol
9-Which of the following are numeric data types?🎈 Numeric Standard Data Types are I (integers, whole numbers and no decimal places) and p (packed, decimal numbers).
10-You can use one of the following statements to divide a character string into several substrings.🎈Using the SPLIT statement, you can divide character strings into substrings.
11-Which of the following system variables contains the current loop pass in a DO loop?🎈SY-INDEX
12-Which of the following are mandatory parts of an IFstatement? if and endif
13-A watchpoint can only be created while in the ADT debugger? true
14-Runtime errors can be viewed in which tool?ABAP Runtime Error Viewer
15-The following techniques can avoid runtime errors. Choose all correct answers.Use program logic to avoid errors and Trap error with Try statements
16-what tells INTO CORRESPONDING FIELDS clause? the database interface to put the data into the fields of the structure (ls_airport) that have the same names as the fields retrieved from the database table
17-What are the benefits of Cloud Foundry?  Language independent,Admin separation,Open Source
18- MTA is logically a single application, consisting of multiple related and interdependent parts (herein called modules) that are developed using different technologies or programming paradigms and designed to run on different target runtime environments, with a single, consistent lifecycle.
19-What is the programming model used in non-ABAP based extensions on SAP BTP? SAP Cloud Application Programming Model
20-What is the recommended approach for adding custom business logic to an SAP S/4HANA Cloud system? Using side-by-side extensibility with SAP BTP.
21-



